dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/150_9001_2015_certified_e_learning.png = 150 9001:2015 Certified E- Learning Platform by Learn More Pro Cerificate Number : SQ21TO1 This is to certify that Nagabhushana Raju S Has Successfully Completed The E-Learning Course Of 30-Days Power BI Micro Course On May 11, 2025 Signature Solish Dhowale Instructor - Satish Dhawale Director of CoursePo This comtifcate is self looming cerifcate provided by Skill Course E-Leorning Platform by Leorn Mare Pro | Emil learamoreprahelp@gmeil com Website: hitps:/skllcourse in Address:402, A:Wing, Marathon Building, Karve Nagar, Konjurmorg - East , Mumbai - 400042
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/advanced_statistics_for_machin_q.png = € Advanced Statistics for Machin... [Q @& Infosys Navigate your next COURSE COMPLETION CERTIFICATE The certificate is awarded to Nagabhushana Raju S for successfully completing the course Advanced Statistics for Machine Learning on December 6, 2025 Congratulations! You make us proud! Sofbasbs 6.N Satheesha B. Nanjappa Senior Vice President and Head Issued on: Tuesday, December 9, 2025 Education, Training and Assessment To verify, scan the QR code at hitps//verify.onwingspan.com Infosys Limited
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/al_fundamentals.png = Al Fundamentals Al for Brainstorming and Planning Al for Research and Insights Al for Writing and Communicating Al for Content Creation Al for Data Analysis Al for App Building Mar 30, 2026 Deno be Porgy Nagabhushana Raju S Amanda Brophy Global Director of has successfully completed the online Professional Certificate Google Career Certificates Google Al Those who earn the Google Al Professional Certificate are fluent in Al, and have completed 7 courses demonstrating their ability to apply Al to the skills where Al is transforming work: Brainstorming, Research, Communication, Content Creation, Data Analysis, and coding. They have built a portfolio of 20+ artifacts using Al, and vibe coded a custom Al solution. They prompt effectively, evaluate outputs, and leverage Al tools responsibly to solve real workplace challenges. Verify this certificate at: This certificate attests to the learner's completion of an online program delivered via Coursera. It does not constitute formal https://coursera.org/verify/profession enrollment at any university or entity and does not itself grant academic credit, grades, or a degree. Institutions or o organizations may, at their discretion, recognize this learning toward their own programs or credentials. al-cert/BYS6EG6NY11L
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/alor_brainstorming_and.png = ‘Alor brainstorming and Paneing Alor Research and insights Communicating Alfor Data Analyse Alor App Buling Mar 30, 2026 Nagabhushana Raju S has successfully completed the online Professional Certificate Google Al Those who earn the Google Al Professional Cerificate are fluent in Al ‘and have completed 7 courses demonstrating the'r ability to apply Al to the skils where Al is transforming work: Brainstorming, Research, Communication, Content Creation, Data Analysis, and coding. They have buit a portfolio of 20+ artifacts using Al, and vibe coded a custom Al solution, They prompt effectively, evaluate outputs, and leverage Al tools responsibly to solve real workplace challenges. Bona de fow-n'ey Amanda Brophy ‘Global Diectr of Google Career ‘cerfeates Ver this cencate at nips course orevenpenfesion aL COcuBNSGEGENYIIL
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/and.png = and rhe studied The This is to certify that Nag Delhi Public School for rade V to VIII in ours: miother/ca his bove details are true Beth! Public School Sy. No.113/1. Bhugathgelli Varuna Hobii, Off. Mysore-Bannu Mysore -5870 028 Regd. orn Survey # 119/1, Bhugatagalli Post, Delhi Pu blic School, ste tongue of the candidate i © of birth is 16/05/2003 as per the adm: 4th Floor, Al-Ameen Apartments. sruUDY CER ‘5 years With admission number demic yee hool from the ac: Telugu nd correct to the best of my Tel : 2471 002/03, Fax : 2471004 Tel FICATE abhushan Raju S$; S/oShivamurthy N we ‘Soma Bannur Road, Mysore-570 028, w Patalamma Temple Str 657 0314/46, Fax: 2657 2787 Mysore Ss a student of DPS/MYS/0233. Ie 2013-14 to 2016-17. amsha Arya Kshatriya er of the institution. regi nowledge. ww. dpsmysore.co.in asavanagudi, Bangalore-560 004.
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/ay_azat_be.png = ay azat_| Be CERTIFICATE CONGRATULATIONS Nagabhushana Raju S for successfully registering on MY Bharat and taking a stride towards Viksit Bharat.
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/certificate_of_participation.png = CERTIFICATE OF PARTICIPATION Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports Congratulations NAGABHUSHANA RAJU S for successfully participating in the Online Quiz on Know more about DFP! conducted on MYBharat We appreciate your enthusiasm and acknowledge your valuable participation, Keep contributing towards a Viksit Bharat. <p Participation Date: 16 February 2026
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/certificate_of_participation_1.png = CERTIFICATE OF PARTICIPATION Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports angnatulalions NAGABHUSHANA RAJU S for successfully participating in the Online Quiz on Bharat Budget Quest 2026 conducted on MYBharat We appreciate your enthusiasm and acknowledge your valuable participation. Keep contributing towards a Viksit Bharat. <i Participation Date: 16 February 2026
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/certificates_hackthon_1.png = © icate of Participation ‘Tri to covty hat Nagabhushana RajuS trom Maharaja institute of Technology (MIT), Mysore {5 Team 688639-URK436L7 has participated in Hack 4 Mysore organised by Maharaja Institute of Technology (Mim), Mysore.
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/course.png = COURSE ORACLE CERTIFICATE Apr 12, 2026 Nagabhushana Raju S has successfully completed Oracle Autonomous Database Professional an online course authorized by Oracle and offered through Coursera Coemeeeen. Kay Malcolm Senior Director, Database Product Management Verify at: https://coursera.org/verify/8T9Z8210ZKSF Coursera has confirmed the identity of this individual and their participation in the course. This certificate attests to the learner's completion of an online course / project delivered via Coursera. It does not constitute formal enrollment at any university or entity and does not itself grant academic credit, grades, or a degree. Institutions or organizations may, at their discretion, recognize this learning toward their own programs or credentials.
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/course_1.png = COURSE coursera CERTIFICATE Apr 7, 2026 Nagabhushana Raju S has successfully completed Summarize and Evaluate Ethical AI Insights an online course authorized by Coursera and offered through Coursera Coemeeeen. LearningMate A STRAIVE COMPANY LearningMate Verify at: https://coursera.org/verify/I3TS21V9VVQU Coursera has confirmed the identity of this individual and their participation in the course. This certificate attests to the learner's completion of an online course / project delivered via Coursera. It does not constitute formal enrollment at any university or entity and does not itself grant academic credit, grades, or a degree. Institutions or organizations may, at their discretion, recognize this learning toward their own programs or credentials.
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/deep_course.png = DEEP COURSE e TEACHING CERTIFICATE SOLUTIONS Apr 9, 2026 Nagabhushana Raju S has successfully completed with honors Learning How to Learn: Powerful mental tools to help you master tough subjects an online course authorized by Deep Teaching Solutions and offered through Coursera Coemeeeen. Bartmen A. Ookta Tarun. Sane Barb Oakley Terry Sejnowski Verify at: https://coursera.org/verify/PVUZC55DSOF4 Coursera has confirmed the identity of this individual and their participation in the course. This certificate attests to the learner's completion of an online course / project delivered via Coursera. It does not constitute formal enrollment at any university or entity and does not itself grant academic credit, grades, or a degree. Institutions or organizations may, at their discretion, recognize this learning toward their own programs or credentials.
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/department_of_cse_data_science.png = DEPARTMENT OF CSE - DATA SCIENCE ‘BELAWADI, NAGUVANAHALLI POST, SRIRANGAPATNA TALUK, MANOY-571477, KARNATAKA @ MAHARAJA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY MYSORE CERTIFICATE This certificate is awarded to NAGABPUSHANA RAT V .S To the Project __MULTIMODAL Al Disease DETECTION For securing Second Prize in the Project Expo organized by the Department of CSE (Data Science) MIT Mysore, in recognition of outstanding innovation, strong analytical thinking, technological proficiency, and effective problem-solving skills demonstrated in the project. = ghuils CA DF Murali S Dr Pushpa D Srinath Rangaswamy Principal - MIT Mysore HOD, CSE-DS CO-Founder Digibull Al
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/excel_using.png = Excel Using 10M OfficeMaster Al Workshop Certificate ‘of Completion Awarded to NAGABHUSHANA RAJU S ‘on successful completion of Microsoft Excel Using Al workshop Holder of this certificate can 1+ Use 200+ Excel Formulas with Al + Create Dashboards in Excel in under 2 Minutes + Can use Macros and VBA using Al https://verity.bel0x.ai/certificate/a95e779d-16el-4894-9e33-62c0d7920e0972984 ea
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/infosys.png = Infosys Navigate your next COURSE COMPLETION CERTIFICATE The certificate is awarded to |Nagabhushana Raju S for successfully completing the course Getting Started with Managing Remote teams on December 10, 2025 Sellcubs» 6.N iol i Satheesha B. Nanjappa Senior Vice President and Head Issued on: Wednesday, December 10, 2025 Education, Training and Assessment To verify, scan the QR code at https://verify.onwingspan.com Infosys Limited
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/infosys_1.png = Infosys: Navigate your next COURSE COMPLETION CERTIFICATE The certificate is awarded to Nagabhushana Raju S. for successfully completing the course Getting Started with Managing Remote teams on December 10, 2025 Congratulations! You make us proud! Sa asshs- 6.N Satheesha B. Nanjappa Senior Vice President and Head Issued on: Wednesday, December 10, 2025 Education, Training and Assessment To verify, scan the QR code at https.//verifyonwingspan.com Infosys Limited
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/ity_atria_o_o_sore_print.png = ity, ATRIA €> O'O} SORE PRINT Hl INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY Googie Developer Groups CLUB Atria Institute of Technolog CERTIFICATE OF PARTICIPATION This certificate is presented to: This is to certify that Mr/Ms Nagabhushana Hye Sf Cm, of MIT, Mysore participated in “Cepheus”, Hackathon, conducted by Sous Developers Groups AIT in collaboration with Code Club on 22nd and 23rd April 2026 as ptoLa. OO ae Dr. Rajesha S Dr. Nalinakshi N Principal Vice Principal Atria IT Atria IT
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/maharaja_institute_of_technology_mysore.png = MAHARAJA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY MYSORE Affiliated to VTU Belagavi and Approved by AICTE Accredited by NBA and NAAC Belawadi village, Srirangapatna Taluk, Mandya -571477 C Cif fe of lick f; This is to certify that Mr./Ms. NagabhushanaRajuS , has participated and secured 85% in REVOLUTION IN E-quiz on “Science and Technology” organized by Brand Stream 5, Maharaja Institute of Technology Mysore. D = Na n ma it | Made for free with Certify'em z Q g 3S =! a Ww
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/maharaja_institute_of_technology_mysore_1.png = MAHARAJA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY MYSORE Affiliated to VTU Belagavi and Approved by AICTE Accredited by NBA and NAAC Belawadi village, Srirangapatna Taluk, Mandya -571477 Contificate of Participation This is to certify that Mr/Ms. NagabhushanaRajuS , has participated and secured 85% in EDUCATION REVOLUTION N E-quiz on “Science and Technology” organized by Brand Stream 5, Maharaja Institute of Technology Mysore.
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/ol.png = ol UNIVERSITAT»: ceeeHeate BARCELONA Jan 30, 2026 Nagabhushana Raju S has successfully completed The entrepreneur's guide for beginners an online course authorized by Universitat de Barcelona and offered through Coursera Verify at: Coursera has confirmed the identity of this individual and their participation in the course. This certificate attests tothe leamerscompletion ofan online course / project delivered via Coursera. tt doesnot constitute formal enrllment at any university or entity and does nt itself grant academic credit, grades. cr a degree, Insitutions or organizations may at their discretion, recognize this learning toward their own programs or credentials,
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/politecnico_course.png = POLITECNICO COURSE = MILANO 1863 CERTIFICATE YS g . Trays Apr 12, 2026 Nagabhushana Raju S has successfully completed Being a researcher (in Information Science and Technology) an online course authorized by Politecnico di Milano and offered through Coursera Coemeeeen. Carlo Ghezzi Emeritus Professor DEIB - Dipartimento di Elettronica, Informazione e Bioingegneria Verify at: https://coursera.org/verify/I6AO 916G7R3X Coursera has confirmed the identity of this individual and their participation in the course. This certificate attests to the learner's completion of an online course / project delivered via Coursera. It does not constitute formal enrollment at any university or entity and does not itself grant academic credit, grades, or a degree. Institutions or organizations may, at their discretion, recognize this learning toward their own programs or credentials.
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/remarkskill_ny_oo_ela.png = Remarkskill NY oo ela Education 7 qvis! jen Certificate of Workshop Completion Proudly Presented to Nagabhushana Raju S Successfully completed Remark Skill Technical Workshop on Data Science in Association with Elan & nvision, IIT Hyderabad Venue: IIT Hyderabad on 12th-13th April, 2025 Is 5 fu yaslave Ve Loe (Ex ‘oil a\ Daehul frivaslav Madhu Das ICo-Founder N Mehul Srivastava | Overall Head Remark Skill Education REMARKSKILL Elan & nvision 2028, IIT Hyderabad
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/remarkskill_ny_to_elai.png = Remarkskill NY to elai Education I avis! jon Certificate of Workshop Completion Proudly Presented to Nagabhushana Raju S Successfully completed Remark Skill Technical Workshop on Data Science in Association with Elan & nvision, IIT Hyderabad Venue: IIT Hyderabad on 12th-13th April, 2025 Is , A Bory Vs Loe [EE Ptehul xtrivastavi Madhu Das ICo-Founder aN Mehul Srivastava | Overall Head Remark Skill Education REMARKSKILL Elan & nvision 2028, IIT Hyderabad
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/ress_qed_teanmes.png = ress Qed Teanmes CERTIFICATE OF ACHIEVEMENT This is to certify that NAGABUSHANA RAJU S has successfully completed the training on AI & DATA SCIENCE APPLICATIONS including all hands-on labs, projects & learning materials during the Industry Skilling Program. BAL Ng Murali B, CxO Vinay K, CxO
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/stop_0.png = @stop © (0) Certificate of Participation This is to certify that Nagabhushana RajuS from Maharaja Institute of Technology (MIT), Mysore as Team 688639-URK436L7 has participated in Hack 4 Mysore organised by Maharaja Institute of Technology (MIT), Mysore.
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/tech_tip_24.png = TECH TIP 24 TS sep to ne Future CERTIFICATE of PARTICIPATION This Certificate Is Proudly Presented To Nagabhushanaraju S For Successfully Completing 4 Hours of Data Analytics Using POWER Bl Workshop with END - TO - END Project Organised by TechTip24. 20/10/2024 DATE Auilf— CEO & Founder, TechTip24
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/tejaspro_rn_trainings.png = TEJASPRO rN TRAININGS CERTIFICATE OF ACHIEVEMENT This is to certify that NAGABUSHANA RAJU S has successfully completed the training on AI & DATA SCIENCE APPLICATIONS including all hands-on labs, projects & learning materials during the Industry Skilling Program. Bat Ne Murali B, CxO Vinay K, CxO
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/think_it.png = THINK IT omer HACK FUSION GERTIFICATE OF COORDINATION THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED TO 4)3q09 hushana R Raj In recognition of their invaluable contribution and dedicated service as a Coordinator for Hack Fusion 1.0, a National Level 24-Hour Hackathon organised by the Department of Computer Science and Engineering — Data Science, Maharaja Institute of Technology Mysore, held on 27th— 28th pao tember 2025. Your commitment, enthusiasm, and teamwork cplayed a vital role in the successful execution of the event. Dr Murali S Principal MIT MYSORE Dr Pushpa D Professor and head Dept. of CSE (Data Science), MITM
dump-/final_sorted_ocr_v2/certificates/images/vuayavittala_vidyashala.png = VUAYAVITTALA VIDYASHALA SARASWATHI PURAM. MYSORE-570009. STUDY CERTIEFICA’ This Is to certify that Sri / Kum SLAGAR RA USMOnVs. s/o -pso SAwAMys has studied from Standard to = . Standard in cur Institution from vans The mother tongue of the candidate As per the admission register of the institutior The above details are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. Ne ea iPIRRARESS ASE KI QY ORB 4 ae o Slogl 1 72 Addres®, Stat &ifiaedbelephone Number Of the Block EGwestOnal Officer\DDPI